docs(proxy-cache-advanced): add ignore_uri_case (#5458)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/proxy-cache-advanced/_index.md

      datatype: boolean
      description: |
        When enabled, respect the Cache-Control behaviors defined in [RFC7234](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7234#section-5.2).

>     - name: ignore_uri_case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - name: ignore_uri_case
      minimum_version: "3.3.x"
```
Missed one thing.

      required: false
      default: false
      value_in_examples: null
      datatype: boolean
      description: |

>         If set to `true`, requests will be cached while ignoring case sensitivity in the URI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Determines whether to treat URIs as case sensitive. By default, case sensitivity is enabled. If set to `true`, requests are cached while ignoring case sensitivity in the URI.
```
How about something like this? The initial description feels like it's missing some context.
